feat: add creating L2 on BSC doc (#142)
bnb-chain/opbnb-docs: docs/tutorials/Creating-Your-Own-opBNB-Testnet.md

---

> sidebar_label: Creating Your Own opBNB Testnet
> description: Guide to creating your own opBNB Testnet

Reviewer: ```suggestion
sidebar_label: Creating Your Own L2 Chain On BNB Chain
description: Guide to creating your own L2 chain on BNB Chain
```
